.\" A man page for ipa-hcc
.\" Copyright (C) 2022 Red Hat, Inc.
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" Author: Christian Heimes <cheimes@redhat.com>
.\"
.TH "ipa-hcc" "1" "Nar 7 2022" "IPA" "IPA Manual Pages"
.SH "NAME"
ipa\-hcc \- Register or update IPA domain information in Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBipa\-hcc\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR...] register \fIDOMAIN_ID\fR \fITOKEN\fR
.br
\fBipa\-hcc\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR...] update
.br
\fBipa\-hcc\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR...] status
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Register or update IPA domain information in Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console5
.SH "COMMANDS"
.TP
\fBregister\fR \- Register a domain with Hybrid Cloud Console
.sp
.RS
This command registers a domain. The \fIDOMAIN_ID\fR and \fITOKEN\fR are provided by HCC.
.RE
.TP
\fBupdate\fR \- Update domain information in Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console
.sp
.RS
This command updates domain information.
.RE
.TP
\fBstatus\fR \- Check status
.sp
.RS
This command prints status information.
.RE
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-verbose\fR
Enable verbose logging (use \fB\-vv\fR for extra verbose logging)
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
The exit status is 0 on success, nonzero on error.

0 Success

2 IPA is not configured

3 Global setting 'hccDomainId' is missing

4 HTTP request error

5 Unable to connect to local IPA server

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ipa-server-install (1)
.BR ipa-client-install (1)
